fix: unhandled rejection in apollo plugin for apollo v3 (#6539)
graphql-hive/console: .changeset/light-llamas-divide.md

---
'@graphql-hive/apollo': patch
---

> fix: backport https://github.com/graphql-hive/console/pull/4958 also for the legacy v3 of apollo (related: https://github.com/graphql-hive/console/issues/4935)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevent GraphQL document with selection set not satisfiable by the server to cause unhandled
rejections for Apollo Server v3 (see https://github.com/graphql-hive/console/pull/4958 and https://github.com/graphql-hive/console/issues/4935).
```
